today we make croissants for
the dough 600 grams of semolina
grinded durum wheat 280 grams of
milk 150 g of yeast or 12
grams of compressed yeast 10 grams of
salt 50 grams of acacia honey 60 g
of whole egg
for the filling 100 grams of chocolate
at 70 for 170 grams of raisins 40
grams of marsala therefore we have the
semolina the bakery once came
precisely with the remilled semolina not
we demonize the compressed yeast but if
we can use so much mother yeast
better
let's put honey into your honey
appreciation the important thing is to try to
I recommend to find an Italian honey
first mix the liquids with the milk a
a temperature of 22 maximum 25 degrees
let's put the salt and dough hook then
here is the processing here must be
quite smooth and soft it goes
worked at least ten minutes to be able to
have a result of compactness and
elasticity
now we put it to rise and there
let's take the already leavened one we put
and flour the flour you see does not
sticking even if that is cotton
we always spread to the rectangle because
now we have to cut them we have the
chocolate
I took 70 percent chocolate
why why should you know that when
the chocolate is cooked it melts and
therefore also a chocolate becomes bitter
if you put a milk chocolate
I will completely miss a
70 percent chocolate is a little bit
more heat resistant
here is ok, there are many for example
people who do not like chocolate
dark but I must say that then when it is
therefore it is no longer heated
I would try to avoid the
milk chocolate or more
soft now we cut then I put to
bathe the raisins with marsala
now let's do the triangles who do it
cut to wheel and then do the
mirrors but then you have to do them
quite regular but this way i
triangles are formed put
I was from there, here it is
here then I said I put to soak
in the marsala area
now the drain
then if you don't want to use your heart
it is enough only to put them with a little bit
of warm water
because not everyone loves liquor I leave
let's go now let's form the
croissants
here it is and we put a little piece of it
chocolate is a little bit of raisins not
exceed with the filling
here they are and we put on the baking sheet
look at who beautiful croissants who
never would have said
you will see how wonderful we are there
let's just put some flour on it
always of the same semolina and we make them
to avoid another 30 40 minutes after which
we wait for them to rise and we put them
in the oven at 200 degrees for 20
minutes but we have to see the coloring
as in all other small products
small pieces that we put in
oven
we need not to make them harden
of a high temperature with steam
so let's take that torina with the
ice and put it inside the
ice a with the heat of the oven
very hot it releases all the steam e
therefore it creates this steam makes the breads
net or what we put small
size will cook them and let them stay
soft
look at how wonderful it is now
we give him a nice cut do not want it
break
here it is, they are very soft